README.md, before:

# Politico2
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/BRIGHTON-ASUMANI/politico2/badge.svg?branch=develop-163671198)](https://coveralls.io/github/BRIGHTON-ASUMANI/politico2?branch=develop-163671198)     [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/BRIGHTON-ASUMANI/politico2.svg?branch=develop-163671198)](https://travis-ci.com/BRIGHTON-ASUMANI/politico2)      [![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/1cf13a9a12a4a3fb21be/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/BRIGHTON-ASUMANI/politico2/maintainability)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/d2ff595d97ba4a9b93bce2771ec8561d)](https://www.codacy.com/app/BRIGHTON-ASUMANI/politico2?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=BRIGHTON-ASUMANI/politico2&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)  [![MIT license](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg)](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)      

An application containing endpoints related to a voting system 

### __Endpoints__
| Route   |      Methods      |  Endpont |
|----------|:-------------:|------:|
| api/v1/parties | POST and GET | Fetch and add parties |
| api/v1/offices | POST and GET | Fetch and add offices |
| api/v1/parties/int:party_id |  GET and DELETE  |   Get a single party and delete a single party |
| api/v1/offices/int:office_id |  GET   |   Get a single office |
| api/v2/parties/int:party_id/name | PATCH  | Edit a party |

### __Technologies used__
1. Flask python framework
2. Travis CI for testing
3. coverage
4. python3.6
5. Code climate
6. JSON

### __Application functionality__
> * As a user i should be able to do the following 
    1. Parties can be created and fetched 
    2. Offices can be created and fetched by the user
    3. Get specific party
    4. Get specific office
    5  Delete a specific party
    6. Edit a specific party

### __Testing__
[![Run in Postman](https://run.pstmn.io/button.svg)](https://www.getpostman.com/run-collection/:collection_id)

Commit message:

[Chore #163823019] added hosted link on the readme

README.md, after:

# Politico2
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/BRIGHTON-ASUMANI/politico2/badge.svg?branch=develop-163671198)](https://coveralls.io/github/BRIGHTON-ASUMANI/politico2?branch=develop-163671198)     [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/BRIGHTON-ASUMANI/politico2.svg?branch=develop-163671198)](https://travis-ci.com/BRIGHTON-ASUMANI/politico2)      [![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/1cf13a9a12a4a3fb21be/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/BRIGHTON-ASUMANI/politico2/maintainability)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/d2ff595d97ba4a9b93bce2771ec8561d)](https://www.codacy.com/app/BRIGHTON-ASUMANI/politico2?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=BRIGHTON-ASUMANI/politico2&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)  [![MIT license](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg)](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)      

An application containing endpoints related to a voting system 

### __Endpoints__
| Route   |      Methods      |  Endpont |
|----------|:-------------:|------:|
| api/v1/ | POST and GET | A default route for welcoming the user |
| api/v1/parties | POST and GET | Fetch and add parties |
| api/v1/offices | POST and GET | Fetch and add offices |
| api/v1/parties/int:party_id |  GET and DELETE  |   Get a single party and delete a single party |
| api/v1/offices/int:office_id |  GET   |   Get a single office |
| api/v2/parties/int:party_id/name | PATCH  | Edit a party |

### __Technologies used__
1. Flask python framework
2. Travis CI for testing
3. coverage
4. python3.6
5. Code climate
6. JSON

### __Application functionality__
*As a user i should be able to do the following* 
    1. Parties can be created and fetched 
    2. Offices can be created and fetched by the user
    3. Get specific party
    4. Get specific office
    5  Delete a specific party
    6. Edit a specific party

### __Deployment__
The application is hosted on [Heroku](https://politico2.herokuapp.com/api/) 

### __Testing__
[![Run in Postman](https://run.pstmn.io/button.svg)](https://www.getpostman.com/run-collection/:collection_id)
